cluster-admin permissions to install cluster (#868)
run-ai/docs: docs/admin/runai-setup/cluster-setup/cluster-install.md

* Run the [Helm](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/) command provided in the wizard.
* In case of a failure, see the [Installation troubleshooting guide](../../troubleshooting/troubleshooting.md#installation).

!!! Note

>     A kubernetes user with `cluster-admin` role is required to ensure a successfull installation, for more information see [using RBAC Authorization](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/){target=_blank}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A kubernetes user with the role of `cluster-admin` is required to ensure a successful installation, for more information see [Using RBAC authorization](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/){target=_blank}.
```
